fix: version strategy of pytidb (#5)
pingcap/hackernews-tidb: skills/pytidb/SKILL.md

- Never hardcode credentials; use env vars (`.env`) and document required variables.
- Prefer `python -m venv .venv` and pinned deps for reproducibility.

> - For `pytidb` installs, **do not guess or invent versions**: default to latest stable (`python -m pip install -U pytidb`) unless the user explicitly asks for a specific version; only pin after confirming the version exists (e.g., `python -m pip index versions pytidb`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When editing requirements.txt, do not invent pytidb versions, use an unpinned pytidb by default unless the user explicitly requests it and the version has been verified to exist.
```
